feat: rewrite the Creating your bot and Slash command sections (#1281)
discordjs/guide: guide/creating-your-bot/event-handling.md

Node.js uses an event-driven architecture, making it possible to execute code when a specific event occurs. The discord.js library takes full advantage of this. You can visit the <DocsLink path="class/Client" /> documentation to see the full list of events.

> If you've followed the guide up to this point, your `index.js` file will have listeners for two events; `ready` and `interactionCreate`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've followed the guide up to this point, your `index.js` file will have listeners for two events: `ready` and `interactionCreate`.
```
Additionally, this could use docs links for the events

Author: Not sure about docs links again on this one if I update them earlier, I was intending just to name them here. Punctuation changes are fine though.

```js
module.exports = {
	name: 'interactionCreate',

> 	async execute(interaction) {

Author: Not opposed, but something we'd want to be doing consistently everywhere in the guide. One thing I'm strongly trying to avoid is doing it one way then introducing a different method later.

Separate PR to migrate to that approach everywhere if enum usage is preferred.

> 	async execute(interaction) {

Reviewer: https://github.com/discordjs/guide/issues/1289

		if (!interaction.isChatInputCommand()) return;

		const command = interaction.client.commands.get(interaction.commandName);

		if (!command) {
			console.error(`No command matching ${interaction.commandName} was found.`);
			return;
		}

		try {
			await command.execute(interaction);
		} catch (error) {
			console.error(`Error executing ${interaction.commandName}`);
			console.error(error);
		}
	},
};
```
:::
::::

> The `name` property states which event this file is for, and the `once` property is a boolean that specifies if the event should run only once. We don't need to specify this in `interactionCreate.js` as the default behaviour will be to run on every event. The `execute` function is for your event logic, which will be called by the event handler whenever the event emits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `name` property states which event this file is for, and the `once` property holds a boolean value that specifies if the event should run only once. You don't need to specify this in `interactionCreate.js` as the default behavior will be to run on every event instance. The `execute` function holds your event logic, which will be called by the event handler whenever the event emits.
```

## Reading event files

> Next, let's write the code for dynamically retrieving all the event files in the `events` folder. We'll be taking a similar approach to our [command handler](/creating-your-bot/command-handling.md) and placing the code below in our `index.js`.

Reviewer: rephrase to avoid "our index.js"
